# Pedagogy

## Top-down and bottom-up learning

These are two different approaches to learning any given topic. Bottom-up learning is what you may think of with a typical university course: a syllabus exposes you (the student) to some initial basic concepts and then gradually builds on these by adding more ideas, more complexity, and by demonstrating the practical use of these ideas, as you proceed through the syllabus. Many textbooks are also laid out in this manner. In contrast, top-down starts with a more complete, practical, or complex overview of a topic and works backward, unpacking nex concepts as you are exposed to them. An example of top-down learning would be reading a recent paper on a problem of interest, and then having to take note of new concepts and work backwards to understand each piece.

Both approaches have their advantages and disadvantages. Bottom-up learning provides a steady pace which prevents you feeling overwhelmed by new things, and ensures you will become familiar with a broad range of ideas within the topic of interest. However, it can feel slow and disconnected, as ideas may be presented without connection to their use in practice, and the initial emphasis on overly-simplistic ideas or models can be frustrating and seem useless. In contrast, top-down learning provides a strong direction because you are exposed to practical ideas -- such as research projects or papers in your area of interest -- very quickly, and ideas are discovered and understood within the context of their use, but the exposure to lots of complex ideas at once can be overwhelming, which can demotivate you. There is also a greater risk of misunderstanding.

I use a mixture of both approaches, working on a project in a top-down manner -- conducting a literature review is great for this -- while also following a syllabus with readings and lectures in a bottom-up manner. Often it is necessary to cross-reference different resources at each end of the spectrum: for example if you learn about a new statistical technique in your readings, find a paper which uses this, and likewise if you come across a new idea in a paper, go back to your textbooks and learn about how it works from there.

## Learning by teaching

Producing materials as part of your learning, such as taking notes, solving problem sets, or working on projects, is a good way to put your knowledge to practical use and test what you know. In particular, try to produce materials for an uneducated audience with the goal of helping them to understand these new ideas: if you can explain an idea to someone who is not already familiar with it this will expose gaps in your own understanding. One way to do this with this workspace is to delete the encyclopedia, or start building your own, where you can start to write your own explanations of different ideas.
