# Studying Economics

This is a [Foam](https://foambubble.github.io/) workspace for organising resources for (self-)studying economics.

The recommended way to use this workspace is to fork the repo in Github, checkout your fork locally, and navigate and edit using VSCode, so you can use all the features of Foam. This will also allow you to push your changes up to your fork and create pull requests back to the [main repo](https://github.com/wcerfgba/studying_economics) so others can benefit from your additions. 😁

This workspace includes the standard Foam [[getting-started]] page and documentation to help you get accustomed to using Foam.

Some of the things you can find in this workspace include:

* [[syllabus]]es for various topics, and copies of syllabi for [[course]]s at various universities.
* [[project]]s and [[problem-set]]s.
* [[book]]s such as textbooks.
* Influential [[paper]]s.
* [[tool]]s for managing bibliographies, finding other resources, and working on projects.
* An [[encyclopedia]] of terms and ideas relevant to different economic disciplines.
* Some thoughts on [[pedagogy]] to help you structure your learning.

Relevant pages are linked to the above 'tag' pages to create a knowledge graph which can be explored in Foam. For example, you can open the Foam graph,

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[getting-started]: getting-started.md "Getting Started"
[syllabus]: syllabus.md "Syllabus"
[course]: course.md "Course"
[project]: project.md "Project"
[problem-set]: problem-set.md "Problem Set"
[book]: book.md "Book"
[paper]: paper.md "Paper"
[tool]: tool.md "Tool"
[encyclopedia]: encyclopedia.md "Encyclopedia"
[pedagogy]: pedagogy.md "Pedagogy"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
